Who am I Rhys Lord aka tomorrow writer
adventurer traveler Triumph rider the
youngest person right around the world
currently I'm riding around the world on
one continuous trip to become the
youngest person to ever do so on a
motorcycle also break the Guinness world
record for the most consecutive capital
cities visited by a motorcycle more
Sedona the Prince's Trust charity help
youth like myself and younger getting
out and doing stuff the trip so far has
taken me through 29 countries out of a
possible 73 which I should go through
I left Hindley back in the 2nd of May
2014 I headed east through Europe
Turkey Central Asia China allow Thailand
I then shut the back to Australia went
across Australia into New Zealand and
from New Zealand should the bike for Los
Angeles Los Angeles I then head itself
through Mexico Central America and in
here
in Colombia I'm riding a Triumph Tiger
800 XC why did I choose that mess over
to me the triumphal middleweight bikes
are the best
little white bike is light durable
reliable you go to the extra distance
and through those challenges which you
face when doing around the world
continues to
I've taken a Triumph Tiger through
everything through snow rain mud
smashing mugs gravel river crossings
crazy heat traffic carnage you name it
it gets better through it that's the
2014 model bridge imagine what I could
do on the brand-new Triumph Tiger 2015
model I've read some of the features and
it is astounding
triumph has opened this whole new world
to the middle way adventure bikes go in
the places where I've been having the
throttle maps and the right boy wire
control of the machine on the throttles
and the different climates isn't a must
and in the fuel efficiency having that
extra 50 miles places where there's no
fuel that is a must and then there's the
change of design at the front to direct
the engineer away from the violent in
there's the rotting limbs and then is
the comfort ability of cruise control
and then there's the best feature I
think for one of them and that is the WP
suspension the WGP suspension just
best bike even better when I head back
into the attack
after completeness around the world
continuous trip becoming the youngest
person and breaking the Guinness world
record for the most consecutive capital
cities I'm gonna be riding with
brand-new Triumph Tiger 800 xef the
places I'll take it you have to find out